[NARRATOR] Last time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Under Mr. Popo's guidance,
our heroes discovered
the ancient alien spaceship
in which Kami first arrived on
planet Earth untold ages ago...
And found it more
than flight-worthy...
Hoping to locate
more Dragon Balls,
Bulma, Krillin, and Gohan,
prepared their month-long
course for planet Namek.
The journey continues... now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[SHIP roars]
[BULMA yawns]
Could this trip
be any more boring?
It's only day seven.
We have, like, forever left.
In hindsight,
I really wish I would've
thought to install
a hibernation chamber
on this stupid junk-heap.
[BULMA yawns]
[BULMA] You guys doin' the whole
"image training" thing again?
Well, whooptie-do for you.
[GOHAN grunts]
[KRILLIN grunts]
[KRILLIN yells]
[GOHAN yells]
[KRILLIN breathes heavily]
[GOHAN exhales heavily]
Whew...! Nice job...
You really are just
like your old man.
Between that and
Piccolo's training
I bet there's no one you
can't go head-to-head with.
Hey, you've got a lot
of cool techniques, too.
You almost had me
there for a sec.
[BULMA]
I have a thought...
You're so keen on
mental imagery...
Try this one on for size...
You two... cleaning up
the horrendous mess
you've made of this ship
before I resort to
opening the airlock.
Uh, I hate to break it to you.
But this "horrendous mess"...?
Me and Gohan had
nothing to do with it.
This is your handy work.
Oh yeah?!
Well you know what...?
I'm the captain of this rig,
so it's my prerogative.
You think you can just sit
there playing mind games
while I do all the heavy
lifting around here?
Wha...? Heavy lifting?
You just got through
saying you were bored.
Don't contradict me!
If you won't respect me as
your captain, then at least...
At least have the
decency to respect me
for the rare and
delicate flower that I am.
A busy flower...
[KRILLIN] So busy you can't be
bothered to put on some clothes?
[BULMA sighs]
[BULMA] Hey...
Yeah?
So, I've been kinda
mullin' this over
for the past
couple of days...
That creepy Vegeta
guy you all beat...
Just where do you
think he ran off to?
Uhh...
I don't know.
[BULMA] It's just...
I mean it's not like
he could've gone home;
the Saiyan world
doesn't exist anymore.
That's true...
Well wherever he went,
the guy took so much damage
I'm sure he couldn't
have gotten very far...
That, and I'd imagine
he'd choose a place
with the right technology
to treat his wounds.
You remember
what that weirdo
who called himself
Goku's brother said?
You know, about their basically
wiping out a planet's
entire population
and selling it lock, stock and
barrel to the highest bidder?
I just wonder if the world
Vegeta's retreated to
is one of their
old "renovation" projects.
Well, still, let's just hope
it's far enough away from Earth
that if he ever
decides to come back
we've got time to prepare...
It took 'em so long to
show up the first time,
I'm sure it's gotta be.
Why Earth had to
attract the attention
of a guy like that
I'll never know... Creepy.
[VEGETA] To think I'd ever be
in such a pathetic state...
[NARRATOR] Eighteen
long days have passed
since Vegeta fled
the Earth in shame.
[FLIGHT CONTROLLER B]
Heh. Take that!
[alarm sounds]
Hmm...? What the...?
[FLIGHT CONTROLLER A]
Tell me it's not Frieza... !
[FLIGHT CONTROLLER B]
Couldn't be...
He just departed, right?
The pod's round...
That means a combatant.
Hold on...!
The signal's coming
from Vegeta!
Vegeta...?! But...
How could it be...?
We'd have received word
of his return before now!
Hey...! Ground personnel,
this is flight control.
Vegeta's in bound!
On your toes!
Get ready!
Why only the single craft?
Where's Nappa?
[thud]
Is it me... or...
shouldn't he have stepped
out of there by now?
Wait a minute,
this is bad.
Look how low his
power level is!
What?!
[SUBORDINATE E] He's had the
pod flying on auto-pilot!
[SUBORDINATE F]
Oh, no! We've gotta get him
to sickbay immediately!
[slow beeping]
[rapid beeping]
Yes.
You've healed up quite
nicely, sir. I dare say.
[VEGETA grunts]
Unfortunately, however, I was
unable to re-grow your tail.
[VEGETA]
All in due time, doctor.
[VEGETA laughs lightly]
[VEGETA laughs]
[DOCTOR] Mighty as
you are, Vegeta, sir,
it would appear someone
put you through your paces.
Considering the shape
this suit is in,
it's a wonder you
returned to us intact...
The mind boggles at
the thought of such force;
what it must've taken to leave
a fine piece like
this in tatters...
Do I speak out
of turn to suggest
planet Earth was more
than you bargained for?
[VEGETA grunts]
[DOCTOR gasps]
[VEGETA]
Where is Lord Frieza?
He, uh... He departed
not long ago...
Grown tired of this
planet already, has he?
Yes, well...
About that very thing...
Kewie has asked
after your health...
He would like a word
with you, sir...
In the, uh... in
the Training Room.
Ha! Is that a fact?
Well you can tell
that purple bastard
the only word I have
for him is "no."
Uh... But he was
most insistent!
Huh...?
[DOCTOR]
Sir, a moment please...
You've accidentally left
your Scouter behind, sir...
[VEGETA] Keep it.
I've no use for it anymore.
Uhh...
[VEGETA] I'll head back
to Earth in the morning,
and this time, I won't
be so easy on them.
No. No, before that
I'll pay a visit to Namek.
[KEWIE]
Yo, Vegeta!
Word is somebody we
all know and love
got their butt handed to them.
[KEWIE laughs]
Raditz and Nappa
did even worse, I hear.
Now who could possibly give
the Saiyans such a hard time?
Aren't you supposed
to be invincible?!
Back off, Kewie...
If I'd intended to
listen to such drivel
I'd have wrung it
out of you myself.
Hold on there...
Frieza wasn't pleased
with your little stunt.
Running off to Earth all on
your own without permission...
[VEGETA laughs]
[VEGETA] Too bad he's not here
to tell me that personally.
[KEWIE stammers]
[VEGETA] Now, unhand me
before I do something
that'll please him even less.
[KEWIE grunts]
[KEWIE] Yes... Well...
Lucky for you
Frieza's merciful.
Your fluke has
him feeling gracious.
He's willing to let bygones be
bygones on account of your find.
[VEGETA] What?
Why would he bother
holding a silly grudge
when he's finally got the
prospect of eternal life
in his reach?
Are you... Are you
trying to tell me that
Frieza's headed
for planet Namek?!
Of course! Where else?
[VEGETA] I'm a fool!
Frieza's been eaves
dropping on the Scouters!
If I don't beat
him to the punch,
I'll be that bastard's
puppet for eternity!
Now don't tell me
you wanted to keep
the Dragon Balls
all to yourself
and not let the Big Man
in on your secret...?
After all he's done for you?
Oh and I hate to dash
your own dreams of inmortality
but he's going to kill every
last Namekian when he's done.
[VEGETA]
Like hell he will!
[KEWIE]
Hey...! Get back here!
[DOCTOR]
Sir, are you a...
[VEGETA]
Give me that!
Looks as though I'll be needing
this absurd relic after all!
[KEWIE] Vegeta!!!
They belong to me!
The Dragon Balls are mine!
[horns honking]
[GOKU grunts]
Oh, not again...
Good. Now four more.
You can't keep doing this!
[GOKU] Uhh...
But it's ok nurse lady...
I promise...
I'm all better now.
The boy's always
been a fast healer!
[NURSE screams]
[NURSE breathes heavily]
I'm so sorry.
Did the hand do
something naughty?
At my age, the darn thing
has a mind of it's own!
[NURSE] I do not get
paid enough for this!
Care to share a
sponge bat--cake?
[NURSE] Ughhh!
What a dirty old man!
[GOKU grunts]
Eh...?
[GOKU'S DOCTOR coughs]
Uhh...
Just in time!
I'm a reasonable man...
Must you try me?
[GOKU'S DOCTOR]
Goku, listen to me.
If you keep these
shenanigans up,
you might as well move in.
But, doc!
I'm fine... see look!
[GOKU grunts]
More like a maraca...
Maybe you can't appreciate
the extent of your
injuries, but I can...
Stop treating
this place like a gym.
Okay, doctor.
Come on,
Grandpa happy hands...
Help him up.
Grandpa happy hands?!
Some bedside manner
you have there.
Ah... Well now...
[NURSE laughs]
Grandpa happy hands...
[ROSHI sighs]
Do I dare ask where
this man's wife has gone?
She, uh...
...just stepped out for some
fresh air before you came in.
Gohan. Mommy's worried
about her little boy...
You said you'd write.
Is one letter a day really
all that much to ask?
Maybe the mail was backed up...
Oh, whatever...
Just come back to me
soon... Safe and sound.
[NARRATOR]
Thirty four days after
leaving behind the
comforts of home,
Bulma, Krillin and Gohan have
reached their destination:
planet Namek, fabled
home of the Dragon Balls!
[BULMA] Take a look,
fellas! There it is!
Beautiful!
Wow! So that's
planet Namek, huh?
No doubt about it!
The computer confirms it as
the bona fide birthplace
of Kami and Piccolo!
[GOHAN] We got here right
on schedule, didn't we?
Pretty impressive spaceship,
wouldn't you say?
It didn't fly itself.
We had a good captain.
Oh, please...
You're just sayin' that
'cause it's absolutely true.
Now buckle up so
I can land this puppy...
Okay!
Initiate landing sequence for
the first spot you can find!
[KRILLIN yells]
[KRILLIN] Whoa!
[BULMA] Gentleman, welcome
to the lovely planet Namek!
[GOHAN] We made it!
[GROUP laughs]
Alright, then...
Let me just check the
atmospheric composition.
I installed a special set
of barometric sensors
for that purpose.
Man, I gotta tell ya...
I think of everything. Heh...
See, there won't
be much oxygen...
but yours truly also
thought to pack...
Uh...
What did they...
[boom]
[thud]
Wow this...
This place is a lot like
where Piccolo took me
to train while Dad
was off in Other World.
Yeah... Same kinda
spot where we fought
Vegeta and Nappa
for the first time...
Guess he was kinda drawn to
the landscape by instinct.
I miss him.
Do you two geniuses share
half a freakin' brain cell
between you or something...?!
For all you knew
this air could've been
made up of cow flatulence!
Wow, okay...
Way to keep your cool.
Oh, ha ha...
Let's just focus on the
task at hand, shall we?
Sheesh...
[beeping]
[BULMA gasps]
Eureka...!
Feast your eyes on that!
Alright!
[GOHAN gasps]
[KRILLIN] We found them!
We found them! Yeah!
Uh... Guys, I think I...
I think feel something.
[KRILLIN and BULMA laugh]
Huh...?
Me too...
[GOHAN]
There's so many of them!
Yeah... And their power's
nothin' to sneeze at.
In fact... It's way
off the charts!
Oh, come on you guys,
don't be scared.
It's probably
just the Namekians.
I mean when you think about how
powerful Kami and Piccolo were,
is it any surprise
their home world
is full of people
just as extraordinary?
But this power...
feels kinda evil, doesn't it?
[BULMA]
I'm telling you it's fine.
Remember what King
Kai told us, silly...
The Namekians are
peaceful by nature.
We've got nothing
to worry about.
Now, let's just stay focused
on what we came here to do
and find those Dragon Balls...
And while we're at it,
we'll introduce ourselves
to the natives.
Yeah... Uh... Okay...
I mean it's gotta be
the Namekians, right?
[KRILLIN laughs]
And the two of us are
all scared, and stuff!
[KRILLIN laughs]
Uhh...
[GOHAN gasps]
[BULMA gasps]
[KRILLIN shudders]
Looks... like...
we've got company.
[KRILLIN]
That's a Saiyan spaceship!
We're totally doomed!
[loud crash]
It can't be!
[BULMA] Seriously,
this isn't even fair!
Gohan, mask your
energy! They'll find us!
Uh, yeah... okay!
It... It's Vegeta...
I just know it!
Why now?!
[BULMA] But how could he
have already recovered?
[KRILLIN grunts]
[KRILLIN] He knows
about the Dragon Balls.
That's gotta be why he's here.
What do we do now?!
It's hopeless...!
We've have to get back home
while the getting's good!
Please...! Let's just leave
before we're discovered!
[KRILLIN] That monster
finds the Dragon Balls,
it's all over!
Listen Bulma...
I need you to get in touch
with the guys back on Earth
and tell them what's
going on here, right away.
Gohan and I will stay and try
to collect the Dragon Balls.
But I want
you to go home.
What?!
We'll be alright...
We've got the Dragon Rader,
so chances are
we'll find them first.
You with me, Gohan?
You bet!
[BULMA] Okay then...
I'll run home, pick up Goku,
and bring him back here
as soon as I possibly can.
Now, we're talkin' a round trip
of at least two months.
And I mean at least...
Buuuuut...
Those two months will be up
before you know it, trust me.
Just think of it as sixty days;
or fourteen-hundred
and forty hours,
or maybe eighty-six thousand,
four-hundred minutes,
or just five-million,
tiny seconds!
Uh... Yeah...
Two months...
I think we got it.
[KRILLIN and GOHAN laugh]
[VEGETA] Frieza,
you rotten little freak...
Don't think I'll let you cheat
me... Not over this prize...
I'm more than capable of
taking his lackeys down.
But best to avoid a tumble
with the Big Man himself.
At least for now...
I'll have to swallow my pride
and go about collecting the
Dragon Balls covertly...
Ugh... Using a
Scouter, no less...
[beeping]
And there they are.
[VEGETA grunts]
Damn... He's brought Zarbon
and Dodoria along for the ride.
[ROSHI] Hold on, you're
not making any sense!
Now slow down!
[BULMA] Would you
just listen to me,
you stupid old man?!
You have to tell
Goku and the others
exactly what I'm telling
you. Understand...?
And by everyone
I mean not Chi-Chi.
That's right.
Yes... Well, no, it's like
I just told you... No...!
And why am I not surprised
that you of all people
would go there...
No... Quit asking...!
Just tell them... Goodbye!
[BULMA grunts]
Oh, for heaven's sake...
What is it now?
[KRILLIN and GOHAN shudder]
Uh... What?
[BULMA yells]
Uh... Didn't that ship
already fly by once?
Yeah... I was, uh...
Just thinkin' that.
[loud crash]
Here it is, sire...
[FRIEZA]
Ah, excellent...
Now only three remain
to be "discovered."
[FRIEZA laughs]
[DODORIA laughs]
[NARRATOR] At last, the evil
mastermind and his minions
rear their insidious heads.
Behold Frieza,
bane of the universe...!
And as if that weren't enough,
Vegeta has thrown
himself back into play,
ruthless and cunning as ever...
It would seem our heroes
have landed themselves
in the middle of
a full-blown crisis.
This is bad. This...
This is most definitely bad.
[NARRATOR] Will Gohan
and the others be able
to gather up the Dragon Balls
without incident when not
only a merciless old foe,
but a terrifying new one are
already two steps ahead of them?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
There's really someone
stronger than Vegeta out there?!
[VEGETA] I don't stand a
chance against Frieza, yet.
But his feeble underlings
won't know what hit 'em!
[GOKU] Looks like if I'm
gonna be any help on Namek,
I've got a lot of trainin'
to get under my belt
before I set foot there.
[VEGETA] Ha! Train all you want,
the Dragon Balls are still mine!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN] Wow, these
sure are a lot bigger
than the ones back on Earth...